04/24/2021
Progress
Completed the brochure and user manual (99% atleast). 

Issues: No issues that we could not sort.

Goals: Working on the pre run of the presentation. Trying to so something interesting for the presentation.


04/12/2021
Progress:Working on the user manual, trying to complete all subsections of it

Issues:No issues at the moment

Goals: Trying to have the complete user manual ready by next Sprint so we can be ready for the presentation soon.

03/28/2021
had group sprint meeting last Monday. there was no thursday team meeting.
I am continuing to work on the user manual.

Issues: No issues at the moment.

Goals: I am going to keep continue to work on the user mnaual  and parallley keep records of our team agenda and overview of the progress
so i can have it ready for the next sprint meeting.  I am hoping to have some part of the user manual ready to show suring the sprint meeting.


03/07/2021
Progress: Had my first 360 overview and then first group sprint meeting last Monday. I did attend the thursday team meeting where we discussed
our progress and goals. I continued working on the brouchure and the user manual. I did get some ideas from our last sprint meeting and applied few of those.

Issues: No issues at the moment.

Goals: I am going to keep continue to work on the user mnaual and the brouchure and parallley keep records of our team agenda and overview of the progress
so i can have it ready fo rthe next sprint meeting. I am also going to log in the app to test run to give some feedback to the programmers. I am hoping to have 
some part of the brouchure and user manual ready to show suring the sprint meeting.

02/21/2021
Progress: Had Sprint meeting and codes review last Monday and all looked fine. We had our thursday private team meeting  where 
I informed  what I am working on (the brouchure) and there was nothing else was requested from me. I have checked few competitor's
sites to have an idea for brouchure template.

Issues: No issues at the moment.

Goals:To continue the work with thebrouchure, draft some texts for the brochure and  to have the agenda and team overview progress 
for the sprint meeting next week.

02/07/2021
PIG REPORT

Progress: Had Sprint meeting and code review done last Monday and everything is good so far. HAd the thursday meeting where I informed of what my goals are for the 
week. I have been working on the brochure design and wording. Working on the company's mission and vision for the brochure and the wbsite if needed. 
I am also working to write up some mock review for the website and about us paragraph.
Keep tracking of my individual meetings and time schedules.

Issues: As of right now I am not having any issues. 

Goals: TO finalize the reviews to be uploaded to the website and draft some of the brouchure wordings that might be needed.


01/31/2021
Progress:

Week 1: During our first meeting, the teams were step up and each individual was told of what the role going to be. 
During the first break room meeting, we discussed and planned to meet on a second day during a week to discuss our progress.

Had our second meeting on Thursday and the project manager’s wife gave us a brief about how claims management teamwork and 
how the process runs so we got a detailed idea of what could be expected from this project. The programmers discussed what 
and how the framework should be and what would be needed. 

Week 2:  Due to King Martin Luther holiday we didn’t meet as a team on Monday or Thursday.

Week 3: During our Monday meeting we were given detailed instruction of what would be expected from us for the code review 
and Sprint meeting. During the breakout room discussion, we did discuss what were the goals for the week and main goals were 
to come up with Company name, product name and create a vision and mission for the company. The programmers discussed and the 
structure was briefly shown to the professor and he was fairly satisfied with the progress so far.

By our second meeting for the week on Thursday, Megan the web designer did create few logs and as a team we voted and picked 
the logos we are liked. And on Thursday we also came up with more than 8-9 company and product names and we ran poll and finally 
decided the company name as KAMMA Software and product name as MAK Claims. Maurice also provided with some information in regard 
to competitor’s site and information. Megan did a great job in regard to the logo. Maurice, Aaron and Kirk are keeping all of us 
updated in regard to the progress so far. The codes would be uploaded to GIT Hub for review and things are going as planned. 

Issues:  

So far we have no issues, the programmers did have some issues but they are having good rapport with each other so they do 
discuss and brainstorm and going smooth as far as I know. The issue I have for now is trying to find out the template for 
the spreadsheet in which I can report the progress of the team.

Goals:

The programmers are working on building the code and structures. 

The web designer is working and planning on the styles and design for the web.

As a micro person I am keeping a record of our progress and planning how the brochure should look like. I need to find out 
what data is need from me if any and work on that.
 

01/24/2021
Pig Report of week 2

Progress: Did not have any meetings for this week, trying to figure out a way to collect data that could be needed. 

Issue: NO issues so far. everything is going smooth with no hurdles at the moment.

Goals: Create a spreadsheet to keep records of the progress and create a to do list that I need check off.


01/17/2021
Pig Report 1

Progress: Had two meetings so far. Last Monday meeting was the first meeting where we were informed of our assigned team, 
assigned project details and an overview of the roles. we had first hand adjuster who gave us the overview of how the claim
adjusting and processing works which gave us better clear picture of what is needed.

Issue: So far I didnt come across any issues. Great team and everything is organized. We agreed on a time for our second team 
meeting and did attend and everything was smooth.

Goals: building the basic structure and may be also think about the design. More goals will be set up after more meetings.
